# AR-SmartAssistant
creating a smart assitant that can help you aong side your memory: https://faculty.cc.gatech.edu/~thad/p/032_40_agents&ubicomp/remembrance-agent.html 

Using a AR galss with a phone/computer companion would be the ideal case. First lets get it set up to be run with powerful computer a home. For context there are multiple parameters to track in this case we should start with mic, camera capture, location, conversation awareness. 
Set up: https://github.com/Srikanth1511/GlassPhoneLink-AV-Server/tree/claude/feature-update-01HXtzZX1s1PfZyjaTSJFrVS use this as the base repo for set up since this has a working connection between phone and glass for the audio and video feed. Stream the galss and camera feed form EE2 to computer over wifi. 

Need to add location capture, send to local LLM for processing text and data base stuff to keep an annotated set of information from user, each information shoul hae a associated embeding like the speaker identification. the speaker identifacation run first time (vosk model for speaker identifiction)  - this is importanta to identify the user speeach and only identify and associate theh text context of teh peprson, integrate with a notes or remebering a spesific conversation, or while cooking he camera understads the sugar is getting low add it shooping list. or when having a conversation with another person if this is the first time it adds the peron to the databases, and nxt time it brings it up and also relavent information. A transformer based data base would better. But what are the different tags, metric an triggere worsds to be added to data base needs to be extensive enought to be built. 
